feat(gateway): OIDC verify_signature for token exchange (#5630)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/openid-connect/index.md

  * The issuer (`iss` claim) matches a configured trusted issuer (`subject_token_issuers`).
  * The token is not expired (`exp` claim).
  * The token is not used before its time (`nbf` claim).
  * {% new_in 3.15 %} If [`verify_signature`](/plugins/openid-connect/reference/#schema--config-token-exchange-subject-token-issuers-verify-signature) is enabled for the issuer, {{site.base_gateway}} cryptographically verifies the token signature before sending the exchange request to the IdP.
1. If the `subject_token_issuer` and `target_issuer` are different, token exchange is triggered.

> 1. If the `subject_token_issuer` and `target_issuer` are the same, then the configured conditions are evaluated to determine token exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the `subject_token_issuer` and `target_issuer` are the same, the configured conditions are evaluated to determine whether to trigger token exchange.
```

* **Conditions**: Conditions under which to trigger token exchange. 
Conditions look for the presence or absence of two claims: `scopes` and `audience`. 

### Subject token signature verification {% new_in 3.15 %}

By default, {{site.base_gateway}} validates the `iss`, `exp`, and `nbf` claims of an incoming subject token but doesn't verify its cryptographic signature before sending the exchange request to the IdP.

> The IdP performs its own signature check, so validation occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IdP performs its own signature check, so validation happens eventually.
```

> The IdP performs its own signature check, so validation happens eventually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IdP performs its own signature check, so validation occurs.
```

> Enabling signature verification through {{site.base_gateway}} adds an earlier check that rejects tokens with invalid signatures before they reach the IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling signature verification in {{site.base_gateway}} adds an earlier check that rejects tokens with invalid signatures before they reach the IdP.
```

This reduces unnecessary round-trips to the IdP and keeps {{site.base_gateway}}'s security posture consistent with other authentication flows.

You can configure this setting per issuer on each entry in [`config.token_exchange.subject_token_issuers`](/plugins/openid-connect/reference/#schema--config-token-exchange-subject-token-issuers):

* [`config.token_exchange.subject_token_issuers[].verify_signature`](/plugins/openid-connect/reference/#schema--config-token-exchange-subject-token-issuers-verify-signature): Set to `true` to enable signature verification for that issuer.
Defaults to `false` for backward compatibility.

> We recommend enabling this for all subject token issuers because it prevents tokens with invalid signatures from consuming IdP resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend enabling this for all subject token issuers to prevent tokens with invalid signatures from consuming IdP resources.
```
